[docs] Add note in docs about `componentsProps.root` taking precedence (#33097)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/base/getting-started/usage/usage.md

<BadgeUnstyled componentsProps={{ root: { id: 'badge1' } }}>
```

:::warning

> However, if both `componentsProps.root` and additional props are specified with both having same properties but different values, the `componentsProps.root` props will take precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both `componentsProps.root` and additional props have the same keys but different values, the `componentsProps.root` props will take precedence. This does not apply to classes and the `style` prop (they will be merged instead).
```
